README.md, before:

# X-UI-Lite 🚀

A high-performance, minimalist X-UI panel powered by **xray-lite**.

<div align="center">

[![Build and Release](https://github.com/undead-undead/x-ui-lite/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/undead-undead/x-ui-lite/actions/workflows/release.yml)
![Memory](https://img.shields.io/badge/RAM-%3C%2020MB-green)
![Bilingual](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-ZH/EN-blue)

[**One-Click Install**](#-installation) | [**Features**](#-features) | [**Supporting Project**](#-sponsorship)

</div>

---

## ⚡ Quick Start

```bash
bash <(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/undead-undead/x-ui-lite/main/install.sh)
```

---

## ✨ Features

- **Ultra High Performance**: Powered by **xray-lite**, a pure Rust implementation of VLESS+Reality.
  - Backend: Rust (Axum + SQLx) - ~13.1MB RAM
  - Core: xray-lite (Pure Rust) - ~5.7MB RAM
  - Total system footprint: ~18.8MB RAM
- **Bilingual Support**: Complete Chinese (Simplified) and English support for both Installer and Web UI.
- **Secure**: Built-in JWT authentication with token freshness validation.
- **Universal XHTTP**: One-click XHTTP deployment with 100% compatibility for PC and iOS.
- **Reality Validation**: Built-in Reality target domain reachability check to ensure connectivity.
- **BBR Support**: One-click BBR enablement.
- **Built-in Management**: Simple `x-ui` command to manage your panel from the terminal.

---

## 🔧 Technical Stack

- **Backend**: Rust (Axum framework) + SQLite (SQLx)
- **Frontend**: React + TypeScript + Vite
- **Core**: [xray-lite](https://github.com/undead-undead/xray-lite) - Pure Rust VLESS+Reality+XHTTP implementation

### Why xray-lite UAE? (Universal Adaptive Engine)

The core has been upgraded with the **Universal Adaptive Engine**:
- 🛡️ **Zero-Config Adaptation**: Automatically detects client type. Same configuration works for **PC (Xray-core)** and **Mobile (Shadowrocket/Stash)**.
- 📱 **Mobile Split-Stream**: Industry-leading XHTTP session pairing for 100% stability on iOS.
- 🕵️ **Silent Dynamic Padding**: Transparent randomized HTTP/2 header padding (64-512 bytes) to defeat GFW/DPI.
- 🚀 **Pure Rust Efficiency**: No Go runtime, zero GC overhead, sub-10MB memory usage.

---

## ☕ Sponsorship

If you like this project, you can buy me a coffee to support the development!

<a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/undeadundead" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" >
</a>

---

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License with Additional Terms**.

### For Users
You are free to use, modify, and distribute this software.

### For Fork Creators
If you fork or redistribute this project, you **MUST**:

1. ✅ **Keep original sponsor links intact** - Do not remove or replace the "☕ 赞助项目" button or any sponsor links
2. ✅ **Clearly indicate it's a fork** - State that your version is derived from [x-ui-lite](https://github.com/undead-undead/x-ui-lite)
3. ✅ **Credit the original author** - Maintain attribution in README and UI
4. ✅ **No misrepresentation** - Do not claim your fork is the official version

You may add your own sponsor links **alongside** the original ones, but **cannot remove** the original.

**Violation of these terms may result in license termination and DMCA takedown.**

See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for full details.

Commit message:

docs: add static compilation note to readme

README.md, after:

# X-UI-Lite 🚀

A high-performance, minimalist X-UI panel powered by **xray-lite**.

<div align="center">

[![Build and Release](https://github.com/undead-undead/x-ui-lite/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/undead-undead/x-ui-lite/actions/workflows/release.yml)
![Memory](https://img.shields.io/badge/RAM-%3C%2020MB-green)
![Bilingual](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-ZH/EN-blue)

[**One-Click Install**](#-installation) | [**Features**](#-features) | [**Supporting Project**](#-sponsorship)

</div>

---

## ⚡ Quick Start

```bash
bash <(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/undead-undead/x-ui-lite/main/install.sh)
```

> **Note**: This is a **static compilation version** that works perfectly on **any Linux system** (Debian, Ubuntu, CentOS, Alpine, etc.) without dependency issues.
>
> **注意**：此为**静态编译版本**，完美适配**任何 Linux 系统** (Debian, Ubuntu, CentOS, Alpine 等)，无需担心依赖问题。

---

## ✨ Features

- **Ultra High Performance**: Powered by **xray-lite**, a pure Rust implementation of VLESS+Reality.
  - Backend: Rust (Axum + SQLx) - ~13.1MB RAM
  - Core: xray-lite (Pure Rust) - ~5.7MB RAM
  - Total system footprint: ~18.8MB RAM
- **Bilingual Support**: Complete Chinese (Simplified) and English support for both Installer and Web UI.
- **Secure**: Built-in JWT authentication with token freshness validation.
- **Universal XHTTP**: One-click XHTTP deployment with 100% compatibility for PC and iOS.
- **Reality Validation**: Built-in Reality target domain reachability check to ensure connectivity.
- **BBR Support**: One-click BBR enablement.
- **Built-in Management**: Simple `x-ui` command to manage your panel from the terminal.

---

## 🔧 Technical Stack

- **Backend**: Rust (Axum framework) + SQLite (SQLx)
- **Frontend**: React + TypeScript + Vite
- **Core**: [xray-lite](https://github.com/undead-undead/xray-lite) - Pure Rust VLESS+Reality+XHTTP implementation

### Why xray-lite UAE? (Universal Adaptive Engine)

The core has been upgraded with the **Universal Adaptive Engine**:
- 🛡️ **Zero-Config Adaptation**: Automatically detects client type. Same configuration works for **PC (Xray-core)** and **Mobile (Shadowrocket/Stash)**.
- 📱 **Mobile Split-Stream**: Industry-leading XHTTP session pairing for 100% stability on iOS.
- 🕵️ **Silent Dynamic Padding**: Transparent randomized HTTP/2 header padding (64-512 bytes) to defeat GFW/DPI.
- 🚀 **Pure Rust Efficiency**: No Go runtime, zero GC overhead, sub-10MB memory usage.

---

## ☕ Sponsorship

If you like this project, you can buy me a coffee to support the development!

<a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/undeadundead" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" >
</a>

---

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License with Additional Terms**.

### For Users
You are free to use, modify, and distribute this software.

### For Fork Creators
If you fork or redistribute this project, you **MUST**:

1. ✅ **Keep original sponsor links intact** - Do not remove or replace the "☕ 赞助项目" button or any sponsor links
2. ✅ **Clearly indicate it's a fork** - State that your version is derived from [x-ui-lite](https://github.com/undead-undead/x-ui-lite)
3. ✅ **Credit the original author** - Maintain attribution in README and UI
4. ✅ **No misrepresentation** - Do not claim your fork is the official version

You may add your own sponsor links **alongside** the original ones, but **cannot remove** the original.

**Violation of these terms may result in license termination and DMCA takedown.**

See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for full details.
